now it came to pass when Moses had
now it came to pass when Moses had finished setting up the tabernacle that
finished setting up the tabernacle that
finished setting up the tabernacle that he anointed it and consecrated it and
he anointed it and consecrated it and
he anointed it and consecrated it and all its furnishings and the altar and
all its furnishings and the altar and
all its furnishings and the altar and all its utensils so he anointed them and
all its utensils so he anointed them and
all its utensils so he anointed them and consecrated them then the leaders of
consecrated them then the leaders of
consecrated them then the leaders of Israel heads of their fathers houses who
Israel heads of their fathers houses who
Israel heads of their fathers houses who were the leaders of the tribes and over
were the leaders of the tribes and over
were the leaders of the tribes and over those who were numbered made an offering
those who were numbered made an offering
those who were numbered made an offering and they brought their offering before
and they brought their offering before
and they brought their offering before the law six covered carts and twelve
the law six covered carts and twelve
the law six covered carts and twelve oxen a cart for every two of the leaders
oxen a cart for every two of the leaders
oxen a cart for every two of the leaders and for each one an ox and they
and for each one an ox and they
and for each one an ox and they presented them before the tabernacle
presented them before the tabernacle
presented them before the tabernacle then the Lord spoke to Moses except
then the Lord spoke to Moses except
then the Lord spoke to Moses except these from them that they may be used in
these from them that they may be used in
these from them that they may be used in doing the work of the tabernacle of
doing the work of the tabernacle of
doing the work of the tabernacle of meeting and you shall give them to the
meeting and you shall give them to the
meeting and you shall give them to the Levites to every man according to his
Levites to every man according to his
Levites to every man according to his service
service
service so Moses took the carts and the oxen and
so Moses took the carts and the oxen and
so Moses took the carts and the oxen and gave them to the Levites two carts and
gave them to the Levites two carts and
gave them to the Levites two carts and four oxen he gave to the sons of Gershon
four oxen he gave to the sons of Gershon
four oxen he gave to the sons of Gershon according to their service and four
according to their service and four
according to their service and four carts and a toxin he gave to the sons of
carts and a toxin he gave to the sons of
carts and a toxin he gave to the sons of Merari according to their service under
Merari according to their service under
Merari according to their service under the authority of efemer the son of aaron
the authority of efemer the son of aaron
the authority of efemer the son of aaron the priest but of the sons of Kohath he
the priest but of the sons of Kohath he
the priest but of the sons of Kohath he gave none because theirs was the service
gave none because theirs was the service
gave none because theirs was the service of the holy things which they carried on
of the holy things which they carried on
of the holy things which they carried on their shoulders now the leaders offered
their shoulders now the leaders offered
their shoulders now the leaders offered the dedication offering for the altar
the dedication offering for the altar
the dedication offering for the altar when it was anointed so the leaders
when it was anointed so the leaders
when it was anointed so the leaders offered their offering before the altar
offered their offering before the altar
offered their offering before the altar for the Lord said to Moses they shall
for the Lord said to Moses they shall
for the Lord said to Moses they shall offer their offering one leader each day
offer their offering one leader each day
offer their offering one leader each day for the
for the
for the case you love the altar and the one who
case you love the altar and the one who
case you love the altar and the one who offered his offering on the first day
offered his offering on the first day
offered his offering on the first day was gnashing the son of amanada
was gnashing the son of amanada
was gnashing the son of amanada from the tribe of Judah his offering it
from the tribe of Judah his offering it
from the tribe of Judah his offering it was one silver platter the weight of
was one silver platter the weight of
was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver
which was 130 shekels and one silver
which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the
bowl of 70 shekels according to the
bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
shekel of the sanctuary both of them
shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and for the
goats as a sin offering and for the
goats as a sin offering and for the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the offering of nation' the son of amanada
offering of nation' the son of amanada
offering of nation' the son of amanada on the second day Nathanael the son of
on the second day Nathanael the son of
on the second day Nathanael the son of zu a leader of Asaka presented an
zu a leader of Asaka presented an
zu a leader of Asaka presented an offering for his offering he offered one
offering for his offering he offered one
offering for his offering he offered one silver platter the weight of which was
silver platter the weight of which was
silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70
130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70
130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the
shekels according to the shekel of the
shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine
sanctuary both of them full of fine
sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of
one gold pan of ten shekels full of
one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one
incense one young bull one ram and one
incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt
male lamb in its first year as a burnt
male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male
offerings two oxen five Rams five male
offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first
goats and five male lambs in their first
goats and five male lambs in their first year
year
year this was the offering of nathanael the
this was the offering of nathanael the
this was the offering of nathanael the son of zoo on the third day
son of zoo on the third day
son of zoo on the third day Elad the son of healin leader of the
Elad the son of healin leader of the
Elad the son of healin leader of the children of Zebulun presented an
children of Zebulun presented an
children of Zebulun presented an offering
offering
offering his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and for the
goats as a sin offering and for the
goats as a sin offering and for the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the offering of a lion the son of gila on
offering of a lion the son of gila on
offering of a lion the son of gila on the fourth day Eliza
the fourth day Eliza
the fourth day Eliza the son of shittier leader of the
the son of shittier leader of the
the son of shittier leader of the children of Reuben presented an offering
children of Reuben presented an offering
children of Reuben presented an offering his offering was one silver platter
his offering was one silver platter
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and
the weight of which was 130 shekels and
the weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according
one silver bowl of 70 shekels according
one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of
to the shekel of the sanctuary both of
to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil
them full of fine flour mixed with oil
them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one ram one male lamb in his first year
one ram one male lamb in his first year
one ram one male lamb in his first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats
as a burnt offering one kid of the goats
as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice
as a sin offering and as the sacrifice
as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams
of peace offerings two oxen five Rams
of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in
five male goats and five male lambs in
five male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was the offering
their first year this was the offering
their first year this was the offering of Eliza the son of Sharia on the fifth
of Eliza the son of Sharia on the fifth
of Eliza the son of Sharia on the fifth day
day
day Shalom iam the son of Zura shadi leader
Shalom iam the son of Zura shadi leader
Shalom iam the son of Zura shadi leader of the children of Simeon presented an
of the children of Simeon presented an
of the children of Simeon presented an offering
offering
offering his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one Ram and one male laminates first
one Ram and one male laminates first
one Ram and one male laminates first year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year
lambs in their first year
lambs in their first year this was the offering of Shalom al the
this was the offering of Shalom al the
this was the offering of Shalom al the son of zuri shadow on the sixth day
son of zuri shadow on the sixth day
son of zuri shadow on the sixth day elias f the son of dual leader of the
elias f the son of dual leader of the
elias f the son of dual leader of the children of gad presented an offering
children of gad presented an offering
children of gad presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred and
weight of which was one hundred and
weight of which was one hundred and thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of seventy shekels according to the shekel
seventy shekels according to the shekel
seventy shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of
of the sanctuary both of them full of
of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels
offering one gold pan of ten shekels
offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram
full of incense one young bull one ram
full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a
and one male lamb in its first year as a
and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of
sin offering and as the sacrifice of
sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their
male goats and five male lambs in their
male goats and five male lambs in their first year
first year
first year this was the offering of elias f the son
this was the offering of elias f the son
this was the offering of elias f the son of duel on the seventh day elisha the
of duel on the seventh day elisha the
of duel on the seventh day elisha the son of a Mahad leader of the children of
son of a Mahad leader of the children of
son of a Mahad leader of the children of Ephraim presented an offering his
Ephraim presented an offering his
Ephraim presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the
offering was one silver platter the
offering was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
weight of which was 130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the
lambs in their first year this was the offering of Elisha the son of a Mahad on
offering of Elisha the son of a Mahad on
offering of Elisha the son of a Mahad on the eighth day
the eighth day
the eighth day Gamaliel the son of pedasi leader of the
Gamaliel the son of pedasi leader of the
Gamaliel the son of pedasi leader of the children of Manasseh presented an
children of Manasseh presented an
children of Manasseh presented an offering his offering was one silver
offering his offering was one silver
offering his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was one
platter the weight of which was one
platter the weight of which was one hundred and thirty shekels and one
hundred and thirty shekels and one
hundred and thirty shekels and one silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary
the shekel of the sanctuary
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
with oil as a grain offering
with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of
one gold pan of ten shekels full of
one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one
incense one young bull one ram and one
incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt
male lamb in its first year as a burnt
male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offering and as the sacrifice of peace offering two oxen five Rams
offering two oxen five Rams
offering two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in
five male goats and five male lambs in
five male goats and five male lambs in their first year
their first year
their first year this was the offering of Gamaliel the
this was the offering of Gamaliel the
this was the offering of Gamaliel the son of pedasi
son of pedasi
son of pedasi on the ninth day Abidin the son of
on the ninth day Abidin the son of
on the ninth day Abidin the son of Gideon a leader of the children of
Gideon a leader of the children of
Gideon a leader of the children of Benjamin presented an offering
Benjamin presented an offering
Benjamin presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was 130 shekels and once
weight of which was 130 shekels and once
weight of which was 130 shekels and once silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten
grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull
shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first
one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the
goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male
five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year
lambs in their first year
lambs in their first year this was the offering of a by Dan the
this was the offering of a by Dan the
this was the offering of a by Dan the son of Gideon I on the tenth day a high
son of Gideon I on the tenth day a high
son of Gideon I on the tenth day a high Iza
Iza
Iza the son of a machete leader of the
the son of a machete leader of the
the son of a machete leader of the children of Dan presented an offering
children of Dan presented an offering
children of Dan presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the
his offering was one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred and
weight of which was one hundred and
weight of which was one hundred and thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of seventy shadows according to the shekel
seventy shadows according to the shekel
seventy shadows according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of
of the sanctuary both of them full of
of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels
offering one gold pan of ten shekels
offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram
full of incense one young bull one ram
full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a
and one male lamb in its first year as a
and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of
sin offering and as the sacrifice of
sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their
male goats and five male lambs in their
male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was the offering of a
first year this was the offering of a
first year this was the offering of a high Issa the son of a Machado
high Issa the son of a Machado
high Issa the son of a Machado on the eleventh day Peggy oh the son of
on the eleventh day Peggy oh the son of
on the eleventh day Peggy oh the son of Akron leader of the children of Asha
Akron leader of the children of Asha
Akron leader of the children of Asha presented an offering his offering was
presented an offering his offering was
presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the weight of which
one silver platter the weight of which
one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred and thirty shekels and
was one hundred and thirty shekels and
was one hundred and thirty shekels and one silver bowl of seventy shekels
one silver bowl of seventy shekels
one silver bowl of seventy shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold
with oil as a grain offering one gold
with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one
pan of ten shekels full of incense one
pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male lamb in
young bull one ram and one male lamb in
young bull one ram and one male lamb in its first year as a burnt offering one
its first year as a burnt offering one
its first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering and
kid of the goats as a sin offering and
kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings two
as the sacrifice of peace offerings two
as the sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen five Rams five male goats and five
oxen five Rams five male goats and five
oxen five Rams five male goats and five male lambs in their first year this was
male lambs in their first year this was
male lambs in their first year this was the offering of Peggy l the son of Akron
the offering of Peggy l the son of Akron
the offering of Peggy l the son of Akron on the twelfth day a Huayra the son of
on the twelfth day a Huayra the son of
on the twelfth day a Huayra the son of Amon leader of the children of Naphtali
Amon leader of the children of Naphtali
Amon leader of the children of Naphtali presented an offering his offering was
presented an offering his offering was
presented an offering his offering was one silver platter the weight of which
one silver platter the weight of which
one silver platter the weight of which was one hundred and thirty shekels and
was one hundred and thirty shekels and
was one hundred and thirty shekels and one silver bowl of seventy shekels
one silver bowl of seventy shekels
one silver bowl of seventy shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
according to the shekel of the sanctuary both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed
both of them full of fine flour mixed with oil as a grain offering one gold
with oil as a grain offering one gold
with oil as a grain offering one gold pan of ten shekels full of incense one
pan of ten shekels full of incense one
pan of ten shekels full of incense one young bull one ram and one male
young bull one ram and one male
young bull one ram and one male laminates first year as a burnt offering
laminates first year as a burnt offering
laminates first year as a burnt offering one kid of the goats as a sin offering
one kid of the goats as a sin offering
one kid of the goats as a sin offering and as the sacrifice of peace offerings
and as the sacrifice of peace offerings
and as the sacrifice of peace offerings to ox five Rams five male goats and five
to ox five Rams five male goats and five
to ox five Rams five male goats and five male LANs in their first year this was
male LANs in their first year this was
male LANs in their first year this was the offering of a Huayra the son of inan
the offering of a Huayra the son of inan
the offering of a Huayra the son of inan this was the dedication offering for the
this was the dedication offering for the
this was the dedication offering for the altar from the leaders of Israel when it
altar from the leaders of Israel when it
altar from the leaders of Israel when it was anointed twelve silver platters
was anointed twelve silver platters
was anointed twelve silver platters twelve silver bowls and twelve gold pan
twelve silver bowls and twelve gold pan
twelve silver bowls and twelve gold pan each silver platter weighed 130 shekels
each silver platter weighed 130 shekels
each silver platter weighed 130 shekels and each bow 70 shekels all the silver
and each bow 70 shekels all the silver
and each bow 70 shekels all the silver of the vessels weighed two thousand four
of the vessels weighed two thousand four
of the vessels weighed two thousand four hundred shekels according to the shekel
hundred shekels according to the shekel
hundred shekels according to the shekel of the sanctuary the twelve gold pans
of the sanctuary the twelve gold pans
of the sanctuary the twelve gold pans full of incense weighed 10 shekels
full of incense weighed 10 shekels
full of incense weighed 10 shekels apiece according to the shekel of the
apiece according to the shekel of the
apiece according to the shekel of the sanctuary all the gold of the pans
sanctuary all the gold of the pans
sanctuary all the gold of the pans weighed 120 shekels or the oxen for the
weighed 120 shekels or the oxen for the
weighed 120 shekels or the oxen for the burnt offering were twelve young bulls
burnt offering were twelve young bulls
burnt offering were twelve young bulls the Rams twelve the male lambs in their
the Rams twelve the male lambs in their
the Rams twelve the male lambs in their first year twelve with their grain
first year twelve with their grain
first year twelve with their grain offering and the kids of the goats as a
offering and the kids of the goats as a
offering and the kids of the goats as a sin offering twelve and all the oxen for
sin offering twelve and all the oxen for
sin offering twelve and all the oxen for the sacrifice of peace offerings were
the sacrifice of peace offerings were
the sacrifice of peace offerings were twenty-four bulls the Rams sixty the
twenty-four bulls the Rams sixty the
twenty-four bulls the Rams sixty the male goats sixty and the Lambs in their
male goats sixty and the Lambs in their
male goats sixty and the Lambs in their first year 60
first year 60
first year 60 this was the dedication offering for the
this was the dedication offering for the
this was the dedication offering for the altar after it was anointed now when
altar after it was anointed now when
altar after it was anointed now when Moses went into the tabernacle of
Moses went into the tabernacle of
Moses went into the tabernacle of meeting to speak with him he heard the
meeting to speak with him he heard the
meeting to speak with him he heard the voice of one speaking to him from above
voice of one speaking to him from above
voice of one speaking to him from above the mercy seat that was on the Ark of
the mercy seat that was on the Ark of
the mercy seat that was on the Ark of the testimony from between the two
the testimony from between the two
the testimony from between the two cherubim thus he spoke to him